This is a development prototype and is likely to change frequently.

Dealduck Sales Forecast+Risk Analytics is a unique tool that gives sales executives valuable insight about the risk in their sales forecast. Not the risk about specific deals, which they usually understand and can manage, but instead the aggregate of deals that comprise their forecast, which is usually very hard to understand leading to bad forecasts - too high or too low.

Sales managers are good at understanding the factors that impact the uncertainty of an individual deal. However, when a sales forecast is made up of dozens or hundreds of deals, it is hard to quantify the total, aggregate risk. For example, if the objective is to make a forecast that has at least a 90% likelihood being achieved, what should that forecast be? How good is any given forecast?

That’s where Dealduck Sales Forecast+Risk Analytics helps, by applying modeling and risk analysis techniques to sales pipeline data.

- Captures the details about individual deal risks so they can be consistently analyzed as part of a total, aggregate sales forecast
- Analyzes a sales forecast under different assumptions
- Analyzes the aggregate sales forecast risk based on simulating alternate scenarios
- Gives insight about the "revenue at risk" and other measures of the quality of a forecast so sales executives can take appropriate actions

This is a Ruby on Rails application developed to be deployed in a cloud/SaaS environment. Currently it is deployed as a functional prototype on Heroku.

Please contact the developer if you have any questions.
